Add EL9 to "register host without Puppet" (#3284)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_registering-a-host-without-puppet.adoc

If you have an existing configuration management system and do not want to install Puppet on the host, use `--skip-puppet`.

.Procedure

> * On {EL} 9 or 8, enter the following command:

Reviewer: Is there a stylistic reason for using "9 or 8" instead of "8 or 9"?

Reviewer 2: We tend to list versions from latest to oldest.

Reviewer: Why do you list from latest to oldest?

Reviewer: ISG does not provide a specific guideline about version order but they list versions from earlier to later in their examples. See [References to multiple releases](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=references-product-versions#references-to-multiple-releases).

> * On {EL} 9 or 8, enter the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enter the following command according to your operating system:
** {EL} 8 or 9:
```
I recommend you turn this into a single step with 2 bullet points because a procedure with 2 bullets looks like an error.

--activationkey="_My_Activation_Key_" \
--skip-puppet
----

> * On {EL} 7 or 6, enter the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** {EL} 6 or 7:
```
